(An up-to-date version of this file can be viewed at http://phpmygrades.sourceforge.net/AdminsGuide)

Look at the Installation Guide
(http://phpmygrades.sourceforge.net/InstallationGuide) 
if you need help with installing PHPMyGrades. Otherwise, let's get started...

Date Formats
============
So, you're not satisfied with the date or time formats available in 
phpmygrades? Contact me with the format you'd like included; it'll be 
available upon next release.

However, you can add them yourself if you don't feel like waiting. Open 
up options.php in your favourite text editor, and look for a line that 
says "$date" (or "$time") + "_formats = array..." Simply add the correct 
PHP date() options to the end of the array, surrounded by double quotes 
(" 's). Also make sure that you put the a comma before each group of 
options.


Adding Classes
==============
To add classes, click on the 'add' class link under the menu. You may 
also use the 'b' access key. You must add teachers before adding a 
class.


Adding Students and Teachers
============================
Quite obviously, you need to add students and teachers to make the 
system useful. To do so, click on the respective link on your menu. 
Before adding a student, you must add classes.


Adding Parents
==============
You must add students before you add a parent account to them. To add a 
parental account, go to the edit students link, and select the student 
you'd like to add the parental account to. Click on the 'add/edit 
parental accounts' link at the bottom of the page. From here, you may 
either add an already existing parent (useful if a parent has more than 
one child in a school), or add a new parent account and automatically 
attach it to the student. You may also remove a parent from a student by 
clicking on 'remove.'


Editing Things
==============
Click on the respective link to edit a user or class. The forms for 
doing so should be self explanatory.


Messages
========
You can check or send your messages by clicking on 'messages.' This link 
may change to 'new message(s)' if you have one or more messages.


News
====
To add or edit news, click on the respective 'news' link. News for 
'everyone' is displayed on the main (login) page.


Options
=======
You may edit various options (obviously) under the 'options' page.


Logout
======
'Logout' will log you out of the system... 


This piece of documentation really needs some work.. If you have 
suggestions on what to place here, please let me know (see FAQ for 
contact information).
